---
layout: post
title: Team Seed
hide: true
comments: true
description: Team Seed to start Trimester 3
type: tangibles
courses: { compsci: {week: 25} }
---

# 100% Seed
> Team
- Next steps mindset. Team creates activities...
    - Ideation, Planning
        - 
    - Test, Retrospective
        - 
    - Coding, Code Review
        - 
    - Teacher/Customer input
        - 
- Evaluation mindset.  Team prepares reviews that...
    - Recap plans
        - 
    - Share accomplishments/change of direction
        - 
    - Perform demos
        - 
    - Provide analytics of team and individuals
        - 

> Completion of 90% items
- See below.

# 90% Seed
> Team progress.   Team maintains an at-a-glance project progress indication... Project plan, GitHub Issues, GitHub Pull requests, GitHub analytics.

> Fosters participation.  Team looks to create jobs for each individual according to skills and capability, for instance equity versus equality.

> Project follows delivery instructions.  Teacher can access project frontend and backend at all times.  The project is always working through team integration and test strategies.

> Project is personalized.  Frontend and Backend Home pages and navigation should be personalized, so Teacher can identify project and owners from screen(s).   Test data should be personalized but retains 123toby and 123hop backdoor access.

> Pull Requests/Forks.  Teacher expects that code base is able to accept changes from multiple sources without breaking.  Team should contain reviews of prior to pull to main, reviewers should learn to revert as needed.  Teacher suggests Forks to allow sub team to work with or without pull requests on their daily checks.

> Weekly crossover reviews.  Team establishes policy to review each others work at runtime, test, and code levels.  Every person should review and rotate reviews each week to add perspective to each individuals work.